README.md, before:

# License Badge Check
  undefined
  ## License
   This project is licensed under the [mit](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.
   ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
  

## Description
it was a project 

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To Install necessary dependencies, make sure to run the following command:
npm i


## Usage
First run node index.js to start the generator.it will ask several ral questions which will be insterted in the correct section

Don't forget to add a screenshot by creating  assets/images and use the following syntax: 
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    


## License
   This project is licensed under the [mit](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.
   ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)


## Contributing

If you would like to contribute, you can find this repo at [judy-her](https://github.com/judy-her)

## Tests

To run tests, run the following command:
npm test

## Questions

For questions about the repo, feel free to email me Judith at judith85dm@ucla.edu

Commit message:

modified license badge to show up after title without link to license

README.md, after:

# Generate README 1.0
  ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)
  
## Description
tThis solves time with more time to do code

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To Install necessary dependencies, make sure to run the following command:
npm i


## Usage
open in terminal type node index.js to run, when pormpted  answer questions

Don't forget to add a screenshot by creating  assets/images and use the following syntax: 
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    
## License
   This project is licensed under the [gpl](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0) license.
   ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute, you can find this repo at [judy-her](https://github.com/judy-her)

## Tests

To run tests, run the following command:
```npm test```

## Questions

For questions about the repo, feel free to email me Judith at judith85dm@ucla.edu
