SampleREADME.md, before:

# Sample Readme Generator
  ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL_v3-blue.svg)
  
## Description
This is  a sample generator for a readme to save time

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To Install necessary dependencies, make sure to run the following command:
```npm i```


## Usage
To use start by running index.js after you have forked a copuy mayve

Don't forget to add a screenshot by creating  assets/images and use the following syntax: 
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    
## License
   This project is licensed under the [lgpl](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0)) license.
   ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL_v3-blue.svg)

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute, you can find this repo at [judy-her](https://github.com/judy-her)

## Tests

To run tests, run the following command:
```npm test```

## Questions

For questions about the repo, feel free to email me Judith  at judith85dm@ucla.edu

Commit message:

made a sample readme based on an old project

SampleREADME.md, after:

# Password Generator

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description

This website is a random password generator. Its purpose is to give people security while on the web. This password generator provides the option of choosing the length of 8-128. The character types they can choose include numbers, special characters, letters, and uppercase letters.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

To Install necessary dependencies, make sure to run the following command:
`npm i`

## Usage

To get started click on the "Generate Password" button. From here you will be asked how long your password will be. Type the number you want. After you will be asked whether you want numbers, special characters, or letters in your password. Once all prompts are answered, the new password will appear in the box.

## License

This project is licensed under the [mit](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute, you can find this repo at [Judy-her](https://github.com/Judy-her)

## Tests

To run tests, run the following command:
`npm test`

## Questions

For questions about the repo, feel free to email me Judith at judith85dm@ucla.edu
